Collect phone and email from Apple Pay when required (#5199)
stripe/stripe-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* [Added] Added `Appearance.EmbeddedPaymentElement.Row.titleFont` to customize the font of EmbeddedPaymentElement payment method row titles.
* [Changed] Renamed `PaymentSheet.Appearance.EmbeddedPaymentElement.Row.Style.flatWithChevron` to `PaymentSheet.Appearance.EmbeddedPaymentElement.Row.Style.flatWithDisclosure` and added an experimental `disclosureImage` property to customize the chevron icon displayed in EmbeddedPaymentElement payment method rows when the row style is flatWithDisclosure.
* [Fixed] `EmbeddedPaymentElementDelegate` `didUpdateHeight` now accommodates cases where the embedded view can't change height until after `didUpdateHeight` is called, like inside a UITableViewCell.

> * [Fixed] Apple Pay now properly collects phone number and email address when marked as required in PaymentSheetConfig billing details collection configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Apple Pay now properly collects phone number and email address when marked as required in `PaymentSheet.BillingDetailsCollectionConfiguration`.
```
